introducing social banking from GT Bank
anywhere anytime any device I always
interested in fashion as cliche as it is
although grow up loving fashion and
women's dress belts but I think mine is
a little different because I always use
that I wanted to work in fashion I
didn't know where I didn't know how I
didn't know what part of fashion but I
knew happy
my husband inside my mom is integrated
so she's very creative him you were
always crazier than that house but I
still felt like I needed a normal degree
you know so I said I'd do something in
communication because I was interested
in PR and advertising does it have
degree in social communication for me
writing ties and that was great for me
because it helped me to figure out what
part of qts I want to see so again I
knew I wanted to PR oh this intern at
this company called fashion file and it
was like a TV show and maybe some dough
and cover fashion and recovering from
Empire Fashion Week and I went with the
producer to the big shows like Chanel
and Dior and Valentino and you know
sitting there in the show you feel like
you know it's just I feel like the
complete what it's a different world in
its own you know and I just felt like
this is something that I I had to be a
part of happy part of his world somehow
I knew that my interest was not in
design and it wasn't in creating items
per se was more of the business part of
the fashion so how to make fashion known
you know so then I did a master's in
fashion in London and that was good
because it was a way for me to get
really into fashion but not not from
from an educational standpoint and
that's why we see people you have to
study it's not something I mean you can
have a flair for it you can be it can be
natural at it but I feel like this
they're things that have to be studied
actually when I came back I wasn't even
trying to get a job in fashion at first
I had I was applying to MPN and
coca-cola and just wanted to working
with communications in you know go
seeing regular companies I was saying
okay fashion I'm gonna put on bold and
so I figure out exactly where I can make
an impact in Nigeria and so that York
I'm just going to PR or working
communications for any other company but
it just so happened that while I was
applying to jobs and going on interviews
I met you know this person and that
person you know I started doing a few
things and then that's good
by working with Joe by Lisa we just
happen to agree on the same thing we had
the same vision and I was because I had
always my my my um my goal is to build
brands I was always coming to this
perspective of taking a brand that is
small but turning it into a luxury brand
and seeing how it can go further and
pushing in globally that just has always
been my main goal the African fashion
industry is growing as developing I love
that we've gone from zero to ten in the
space of like three years and I think
there's so much more improvement I love
the fact that the global market has
recognized or is currently recognizing
that Africa's the next place a lot of
rubber bands are coming into Nigeria
into different parts of Africa because
they know that it's a market here we
have the population the demand is here I
would say the times I feel that young
traders winners face especially in this
industry is having to convince people
that it's actually a business you know
it's not just the hall to me and it is
really for me about growing the industry
from the ground up and I think another
challenge in the inch drive working just
PR is not having the right tools or
having the right forms of media to push
brands my aspirations for the African
fashion industry is for local brands to
be able to cross boundaries and cross
borders without the African time my
advice to anyone who is planning on
getting into the industry or has an
interest in fashion I would say first we
have a natural desire for it but also I
think back that up with education I
think the next thing to do would be to
get some sort of experience so whether
it's Oh
internship or a proper job I think that
it's important to learn the cast so
after studying it learn it you know
apply what you studied and I think
wherever you go in whatever market
you're in it's important to understand
that market and apply all that you've
learned all that you've studied all that
you experience and all that together and
I think you will be well your way to
accomplish great things